c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\FsWebAkka.dll.config
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\FsWebAkka.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\FsWebAkka.pdb
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\Akka.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\Akka.FSharp.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\FSharp.PowerPack.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\FSharp.PowerPack.Linq.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\FsPickler.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\Akka.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\Akka.FSharp.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\FSharp.PowerPack.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\FSharp.PowerPack.Linq.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\FsPickler.pdb
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\FsPickler.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\FSharp.Core.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\obj\Debug\FsWebAkka.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\obj\Debug\FsWebAkka.pdb
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\FSharp.Reactive.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Reactive.Core.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
c:\users\riccardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\FsWebAkka.dll.config
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\FsWebAkka.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\FsWebAkka.pdb
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\Akka.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\Akka.FSharp.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\FSharp.Core.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\FSharp.PowerPack.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\FSharp.PowerPack.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\FSharp.Reactive.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\FsPickler.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Reactive.Core.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\Akka.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\Akka.FSharp.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\FSharp.PowerPack.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\FSharp.PowerPack.Linq.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\FsPickler.pdb
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\FsPickler.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Reactive.Core.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\bin\FSharp.Core.xml
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\obj\Debug\FsWebAkka.fsprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\obj\Debug\FsWebAkka.dll
C:\Users\Riccardo\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FsWebAkka - Copy\FsWebAkka\obj\Debug\FsWebAkka.pdb
